DETAILED EXPLANATION — Concept 9: Update a Student Record Using a Temporary File

This program demonstrates the standard workflow for updating a
record inside a text file, since text files can't easily be
edited "in place" when field lengths change.

- Header files: <cstdio> provides std::remove() (delete a file)
  and std::rename() (rename a file), both C standard library
  functions usable in C++. <fstream>, <sstream>, and <string>
  serve the same roles as in Concept 8.

- The temp-file workflow: the original file is opened for reading
  while a new, separate temporary file is opened for writing.
  Every record is read from the original; if it matches the target
  roll number, the updated version is written to the temp file
  instead of the original data; otherwise the record is copied
  through unchanged.

- Closing before file operations: inputFile.close() and
  temporaryFile.close() are called explicitly before any
  remove()/rename() calls. This is essential — on most operating
  systems, a file cannot be deleted or renamed while a program
  still holds it open.

- Cleanup on no match: if the target roll number was never found,
  the temp file (which is just a duplicate of the original at that
  point) is deleted with std::remove(), and the original file is
  left untouched.

- Finalizing the update: if a match was found, std::remove()
  deletes the old students.txt, then std::rename() renames
  students_temp.txt to students.txt, effectively replacing the old
  file with the updated one. Both calls' return values are checked
  (non-zero indicates failure).

Why this matters: because delimiter-separated text records don't
have fixed sizes, you can't overwrite a single field in place
without disturbing the rest of the file — the read-all,
write-updated-copy, then swap-file-names pattern shown here is the
standard safe approach, and it's reused in Concept 15's
updateMarks() function.

SAMPLE INPUT:
Enter roll number to update: 101
Enter updated marks: 90

EXPECTED CONSOLE OUTPUT:
Student marks updated successfully.

FILE CONTENT (students.txt, after update):
101|Amit Patil|90
